Added info about extensions, streamlined part of the firmware process, minor spelling and grammar changes (#48)
SlimeVR/SlimeVR-Docs-Site: diy-trackers-guide.md

<iframe width="100%" height="auto" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/Nl_6eQV32ys" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>
</div>

> ## What is an extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## What is an extension?
```

> An extension is a singular auxiliary IMU attached to a primary tracker and placed at another location. This allows you to build a secondary tracker without the need for an extra battery, charge board and microcontroller. 

Reviewer: I think we don't divide trackers on primary or secondary, they're all just trackers. Otherwise, it may imply that we may somehow connect the MCUs with each other (if not stated otherwise).

```suggestion
An extension is an additional IMU attached to the microcontroller and placed at another location. This allows you to build a tracker without the need for an extra battery, charge board and microcontroller.
```

Author: Same here, using primary tracker means it's clear it's piggy backing off the battery, switch, microcontroller etc.

Reviewer: If we consider only this design, then, well, alright. 

I just feel like it's better to be in more general terms, since other non-conventional designs may be considered and we don't have this primary/secondary distinction (like, secondary tracker = auxiliary IMU, but do we really need one more term for that?)

Author: That's true, but right now these step by step breakdowns aren't for people who would do unconventional builds

> ![img](https://i.imgur.com/OxED2eX.png)<br>

Reviewer: Same here, why br?

```suggestion
![img](https://i.imgur.com/OxED2eX.png)

```

*Example extension build by Rames The Generic#3540*

> Due to issues with the extension's cord length we recommend the extension being no further than 45cm from your primary tracker. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Due to issues with the extension's cord length, we recommend the extension being no further than 45cm from your microcontroller. 
```

Author: I think primary tracker here is better for less tech savy users. Primary tracker makes it very clear in comparison

The suggested extension locations are:

1. A chest extension attached to the waist tracker.
1. A left foot extension attached to the left ankle tracker.
1. A right foot extension attached to the right ankle tracker.

> The notation you will see on the Crowd Supply store and on the discord indicates primary and extension numbers with a plus sign. For example the Enhanced Core Set noted above would be called a 5+3 set up. For a better visual on how this looks when on a person, please check the [recommended mounting points section of the server set up](https://docs.slimevr.dev/slimevr-setup.html#recommended-mounting-points).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the Crowd Supply store page and on our discord server, you may find a notation that specifies the number of primary and auxiliary IMUs with a plus sign. For example, the Enhanced Core Set noted above would be called a 5+3 set up. For a better visual on how this looks when on a person, please check the [recommended mounting points section of the server set up](https://docs.slimevr.dev/slimevr-setup.html#recommended-mounting-points).
```

> Please note building extensions is not necessary, the foot and chest trackers will work as standalone trackers if you would prefer to build this way. However, these docs assume that you are building them as extensions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please note that building extensions is not necessary, the foot and chest trackers will work as standalone trackers if you would prefer to build this way. However, these docs assume that you are building them as extensions.
```
